[HttpClient] Add doc for multiple `base_uri` as array (#18227)
symfony/symfony-docs: http_client.rst

decide if the request should be retried, and to define the waiting time between
each retry.

> Retry over different uris

Reviewer: URIs

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Retry Over Different URIs
```

> Retry Over Different URIs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Retry Over Several Base URIs
```

> Retry Over Several Base URIs
> .........................

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Retry Over Several Base URIs
............................
```

.. versionadded:: 6.3

    The multiple ``base_uri`` feature was added in Symfony 6.3.

The ``RetryableHttpClient`` can be configured to use multiple base URIs. This
feature provides increased flexibility and reliability for making HTTP
requests. Pass an array of base URIs as option ``base_uri`` when making a 
request::

>     $response = $client->request('GET', 'foo-bar', [

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    $response = $client->request('GET', 'get-articles', [
```

same for the other foo-bar example

Author: Oh thanks, I had it changed to `some-page` but the change was lost during rebase.

Reviewer 2: some-page is better than get-articles

        'base_uri' => [
            // first request will use this base URI

>             'http://example.com/a/',

Reviewer 2: Lets use https for all examples please, thanks

>             // if first request fails, this second base URI will be used

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            // if first request fails, the following base URI will be used
```

            'http://example.com/b/',
        ],
    ]);

When the number of retries is higher than the number of base URIs, the 

> last base URI will be used for remaining retries.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
last base URI will be used for the remaining retries.
```

last base URI will be used for the remaining retries.

If you want to shuffle the order of base URIs for each retry attempt, nest the
base URIs you want to shuffle in an additional array::

    $response = $client->request('GET', 'foo-bar', [
        'base_uri' => [
            [

>                 // this array will be randomized

Reviewer: this is not precise enough, see our discussion on the PR

                'http://example.com/b/',
                'http://example.com/c/',
            ],
            // non-nested base URIs are used in order
            'http://example.com/d/',
        ],
    ]);

> This feature allows for a more randomized approach to handling retries, 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This feature allows for a more randomized approach of handling retries, 
```

Reviewer: I think "to" is more correct in English here

Author: Yeah not sure about this one either

reducing the likelihood of repeatedly hitting the same failed base URI.

By using a nested array for the base URI, you can use this feature 

> to distribute the load among many nodes in a cluster of servers.

Reviewer 2: maybe an additional code example how a "nested" array would look like?

Reviewer 2: NVM, its written above
